All right, so
let's fix some code, shall we?
If you haven't already
pulled down the project,
this is gonna be our first example
where we really go dig into the code.
So let's pull this open,
we'll do a little bit of a tour here.
So, we're on Exercise 3, Fix Some HTML.
I guess, before I go over here, I'll
show you what it is that we're fixing.
So we have a product for a dog float coat,
in case you wanna go kayaking or
stand up paddling with your dog.
They're gonna need a PFD, or
personal flotation device.
So this product that maybe I buy
somebody's dog for Christmas or
something has a product page.
It's kind of in progress,
it has a ton of components in it
that take a lot of time to build.
But there's some varying degrees
of accessibility or not built in.
So our mission in this exercise is to
find as much that we can improve, while
focused on the HTML part, we're gonna
build on this in the next few examples.
But let's see if we can fix
some HTML that we find in here.
So there's a little color picker.
It's not totally hooked up to
the bigger image gallery yet, but
it does have these little lists of images.
We have a size picker.
There is the start of
a photo gallery here.
So speaking of dialogs, that, hint, hint,
could be something that
we make into a dialog.
It's basically just the first attempt at
getting a layer to cover the content.
So our approach for that, we are totally
open-ended, what we can do with that.
That'll especially be later in
our focus management section.
Let's see, what else.
So we've got some buttons down here.
We have a little quantity selector.
So, how are those marked up?
We can go look at those.
So there's some debugging tips on here.
So we want to look at keyboard controls,
so that's kind of in the realm of HTML,
what elements are in there
that are accessible?
We'll get more advanced with
focus management a little later.
But headings, landmarks, and accessible
names, those are all in the scope of this.
So our form labels, or
any links, any image alt text.
And we can inspect the DOM and
run extensions.
So this component is
embedded in this page,
so I can go in here and
inspect it and go check it out.
There's also a full page,
not in the slide deck.
And it is, I think this might be
the more complete version of it,
if you wanna test that.
And so there's one that's full screen.
Okay, so
let's go see where this code lives.
So ProductPage, that's the kinda top-level
page component that pulls in the header.
There's an image gallery.
So basically anything with the word
product in it, in the component names,
those are all going to affect
the component on that page.
And it is sort of the first go-around for
these, so
it might not be quite as sophisticated
as the real site would have.
But it has the start to
some of the functionality.
So there's the image gallery component.
And if you're new to React,
so we have a lot of logic and
functions that are little utilities
that you can call up top.
There's a little bit
of TypeScript in here.
And then if you scroll down,
the JSX down below is basically
where all of our markup lives.
And so the header has multiple
components in a file.
There's the little banner up at the top,
that gets pulled into the product header,
which is a little further down,
ProductDetails, and so on.
And we'll go poke around in here and
make some changes.
If you have any issues setting
up the project, let us know.
And then we'll come back and
code some fixes together.